---
title: "LOOPS"
date: 2024-12-27
---
I’ve been listening to dreamy bedroom pop this weekend. Harmonic guitar chords, soft thumps and soothing voices carry me in and out of daydreams. I visualise scenes inspired twofold, by the lyrics and my reality. 
You’re dressing like a Sunday morning  And your eyes look like, little islands in the light  Hazel and light green  On white sheets 
My first glance of a woman, the first frame I first saw her in, often becomes the snapshot I remember. The starting point for future remembrances. These mementos are vivid, capturing the setting, lighting and feelings I associate with them. The look in their eyes, the messages it conveys. The narratives I experience with them engulf my senses, I feel gentle winds at the lake, their warmth in conversations, seasonal scents filling my olfactory. 
We come alive in the evening  With heat and wet skin  And our bodies are tossed  And turned, tangled up in it 
Actual love must be beautiful. I imagine sweat glistening, damp bodies entangled in linen. Loose strands of hair falling over their face, evening sun on tan skin. Feeling the strands, hiding them behind their ear. Four, five fingers racing up their side in slow motion. Slight shivers, like film of petals blossoming. Giving oneself to another. Free of boundaries, fully in unison. Sharing consciousness. 
Maybe I bit the poison apple, acting on lust, infatuation and curiosity. The social pressure of intimacy at 18. Negligent of life beforehand, how great it was. Without feeling each other out, we dove in. Was she a good person? Was I? Does it matter? “Fuck me,” she texted. “If we hadn’t had sex within a month, I probably would’ve left.” “Why don’t you ever kiss me?” “Why don’t you ever get mad?”, she asked. “You’re only saying that because I’m a woman.” It wasn’t true. I tolerated it, who knows why. Started ignoring, downplaying her. Saw our relationship as given, and acting defensive within that framework. We spiralled. 
True companionship, understanding, connection: The taste of strawberries, warm orange, a tickle of sour. Lakes in the evening hue. Hugs, conversations, runs together. Independent lives, rejoining once in a while. When paths cross, we share stories, rejoice. Ebb apart, flow together. 
I spend my downtime studying. This consists mainly of reviewing flashcards, adding new ones and reading. I can’t generate the energy for exercises, so I limit myself to more passive forms of education. I sit at my desk, tuned out, marvelling at the sky. And it is in these instances I daydream. Skin starts playing again. And again. I think of her, her turtleneck, her loops. Her eyeliner. Her smile. Her hands, nails bare of paint, delicate. Joking about her posture. “I’d be impressed, but I don’t know what you were aiming for”, she says. Neither do I. Her eyes surveying me, acknowledging my presence. If I had to choose a word, it’d be “amusement”. A feeling of empathy, understanding. Safety. If she thinks of me in the same way, I don’t know, nor will I ever. It’s obvious, dictated by the nature of our encounter. Our paths may cross a few years from now, only to diverge again. “Hey, I know you! From Ludo’s flat. How are things in London?” “Oh, hi! London’s ok I assume… I moved back here a few months ago, for MTEC, remember?” “Of course I do. Though I don’t know if Florian would.” “Florian?” “The drunk guy at the bus stop.” “Oh, haha, no, neither do I.” Silence. “Well, great to see you again.” “Yeah, you too.” We part. 
